Format c8y_xxx fragments as code in inline text (#183)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/device-management-bundle/device-details.md

![Location tab](/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-devices-location.png)

> The **Location** tab also shows when a device contains `c8y_Position` property. When you send a new c8y-position event, you can set the same c8y-Position fragment on the device and it will automatically mark its position on the map.

Reviewer: c8y-Position fragment > c8y-position fragment

Author: In the OpenAPI specification and Device Management Library it is spelt out as "c8y_Position".

Reviewer: Then we should unify it.

Author: Fixed

> The **Location** tab also shows when a device contains `c8y_Position` property. When you send a new c8y-position event, you can set the same c8y-position fragment on the device and it will automatically mark its position on the map.

Reviewer 2: see above

Author: Fixed

Devices can record the history of their movements in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. This movements may be viewed in the **Tracking** tab.

> **Note** that the **Tracking** tab only shows up when a device contains `c8y_Position` property.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
>**Info: ** The **Tracking** tab only shows up when a device contains `c8y_Position` property.
```
